[RFCs] Add rfcs directory (#1464)
oneapi-src/oneTBB: rfcs/archived/README.md

# Archived Design Documents

Documents may appear in the `rfcs/archived` directory for one of 

> three reasons:

Author: There had been three reasons, but then one was removed. I'll fix this.

> 1. The document describes a feature or extension that has been deprecated and then removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The document describes a deprecated or removed feature/extension.
```

> 2. The document describes a feature or extension that was proposed but did

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The document describes a proposed feature or extension that have
```

not (ultimately) become a fully support feature. 

> Design documents that appear in the `rfcs/archived` folder should include a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Design documents that appear in the `rfcs/archived` folder should describe a 
```

> section that describes why the document has been archived. Documents may 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reason for archiving.  Documents may 
```
